welcome to McFarland
this is a farming town these kids
working here are invisible and they come
from the fields and they go back to the
fields mr. white if we're gonna reach
him now's the time
coach white the new PE teacher he is yes
yes popular name where you guys come
from what matter pop your name where you
come from
alright run a lap go no that's country
running California is holding their
first state championship this year
you do understand we don't have a
cross-country team yep you coached
cross-country before no you competed in
high school maybe no well you sound
perfect anybody seen Danny Danny Diaz
and we needed Senate yeah seven runners
not six runners in Danny Diaz hey you're
our anchor Danny and not because you're
fat you're a little fat okay so we
better lose some weight stuff
just try to remember Louis Corwin like
off we never got a country club we don't
even got a game work the no McFarland
had a team
fourth place since looked too shabby
fourth out of four also known as last
better luck next time boys this is gonna
come down and which runners can handle
the pain let's hit it again mr. white
each hour that my boys trained with you
they do not work with me that's food off
our table no one stays in McFarland
unless they have to
there ain't nothing American dream about
this place guessing runnings the best
thing you've got
meet you
what's going on team fundraiser my voice
we need new uniforms you are a good man
and so I helping you
okay now go shower
I'll be honest with you the odds are
stacked against us you guys are
superhuman there's nothing you can't do
with that kind of struck with that kind
of heart let's go show him how it's done
ah
find your place I won't tell
you know dogs trash
tell your father it was an honor to be
invited into his home dad he said it was
an honor to be invited into your home
tell him I say thanks